---
layout: post
title: 20 for 2020
summary: Twenty things I'd like to accomplish in 2020.
tags: [life, career, nontechnical]
---

Hello new website, new year and first blog post of 2020!

I spent a majority of my time last year ruminating on why I felt stuck in place both personally and career-wise. While I can't say I've completely figured out why, I can say I have more insight into my current wants and dreams. This list was created with some of those things in mind.

This is a New Year's tradition that my partner and I just started doing last year. I managed to complete about 80% of my list from 2019, so hopefully I can do even better this year. Or not. I just love to-do lists, so it made sense to make a year-long one for myself, too.

1.  Go to Magnolia Bakery in NYC (NYC trip planned in June)
2.  Try Chinese hot pot
3.  Find an Afghan market in LA
4.  Make bread
5.  Get **two** tattoos
6.  Try paddle boarding
7.  Aim to get additional movement twice a week
8.  Go "glamping" for a weekend (Big Bear?)
9.  Take Noodles to a dog beach
10.  Write **four** technical blog posts
11.  Attend **four** local meet ups
12.  Go to a SoCal beerfest
13.  Set up ideal work desk (chair, monitor, mouse, desk pad, mechanical keyboard, etc)
14.  Go remote full time
15.  Decorate wall space above bed
16.  Pay off credit cards
17.  `403 Forbidden`
18.  `403 Forbidden`
19.  `403 Forbidden`
20.  Read at least **six** books (low, I know, but last year didn't involve a lot of consistent reading)

I'll do a recap post early 2021 to document how well I did.
